maintainerreq.md, before:

# To become an official maintainer for NezukoOS:

Before you apply to add your device into our list of official devices, you should know a few things:

1 - You must own the device. Blind and untested builds aren't allowed. Unified, and devices with minimal hardware changes are also allowed to be maintained.

2 - You must have basic git (cherry-pick, squash, etc)  knowledge.

3 - You must have a daily drivable unofficial build released 2 weeks before applying for official.

4 - ALL of your trees MUST be open source for us to check and in the future upload to devices org.

5 - You must be SELinux enforcing.

6 - Prebuilt kernels are only allowed if your device does not have proper kernel sources., YOU MUSTN'T ship a prebuilt kernel if you have working kernel sources available just because you save 5 minutes of build time.

7 - You must meet all requirements as mentioned [here](requirements.md).

If all is well, you may apply [here](https://github.com/NezukoOS/official_devices/issues/new/choose9)

Commit message:

Add user build requirement
GITHUB EDITOR LETS GOOOOO

maintainerreq.md, after:

# To become an official maintainer for NezukoOS:

Before you apply to add your device into our list of official devices, you should know a few things:

1 - You must own the device. Blind and untested builds aren't allowed. Unified, and devices with minimal hardware changes are also allowed to be maintained.

2 - You must have basic git (cherry-pick, squash, etc)  knowledge.

3 - You must have a daily drivable unofficial build released 2 weeks before applying for official.

4 - ALL of your trees MUST be open source for us to check and in the future upload to devices org.

5 - You must be SELinux enforcing.

6 - Prebuilt kernels are only allowed if your device does not have proper kernel sources., YOU MUSTN'T ship a prebuilt kernel if you have working kernel sources available just because you save 5 minutes of build time.

7 - You MUST meet all requirements as mentioned [here](requirements.md).

8 - You MUST ship user builds, userdebug isn't allowed except in special cases wherein your build would be considered a Beta release.

If all is well, you may apply [here](https://github.com/NezukoOS/official_devices/issues/new/choose9)
