.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/form.md, before:

---
name: Device maintainership form
about: Apply for official maintainership
title: New maintainer
assignees: [Maitreya29, AtomicXZ]
---

<!--
Heavily kanged from PE, thanks to them.
-->

## Device you want to apply for
```
Your device name and codename
```

## Device tree sources
<!--
* Must be public on GitHub/GitLab
* Must add kernel and vendor as well
* Authorship should be proper
* Add common trees if applicable
-->
```
https://github.com/user/device_brand_codename
https://github.com/user/kernel_brand_codename
https://github.com/user/vendor_brand_codename
```

## Other ROM's you maintain officially or unofficially
```
Insert here
```

## Bugs on unofficial build
```
None
```

## How long have you been building for?
```
Weeks/Months/Years
```

## Did you properly read [Device stability requirements](https://github.com/NezukoOS/official_devices/blob/eleven/requirements.md) and [Maintainer requirements](https://github.com/NezukoOS/official_devices/blob/eleven/maintainerreq.md) before applying? What part of those requirements do you violate?
```
I read everything properly and I violate none of the requirements.
```

## SELinux status?
```
Enforcing.
```

## Are you using a prebuilt kernel? If yes, why?
```
No.
```

## Contact
### Telegram username
```
Your Telegram username
```

Commit message:

Ask about selinux neverallows in form.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/form.md, after:

---
name: Device maintainership form
about: Apply for official maintainership
title: New maintainer
assignees: [Maitreya29, AtomicXZ]
---

<!--
Heavily kanged from PE, thanks to them.
-->

## Device you want to apply for
```
Your device name and codename
```

## Device tree sources
<!--
* Must be public on GitHub/GitLab
* Must add kernel and vendor as well
* Authorship should be proper
* Add common trees if applicable
-->
```
https://github.com/user/device_brand_codename
https://github.com/user/kernel_brand_codename
https://github.com/user/vendor_brand_codename
```

## Other ROM's you maintain officially or unofficially
```
Insert here
```

## Bugs on unofficial build
```
None
```

## How long have you been building for?
```
Weeks/Months/Years
```

## Did you properly read [Device stability requirements](https://github.com/NezukoOS/official_devices/blob/eleven/requirements.md) and [Maintainer requirements](https://github.com/NezukoOS/official_devices/blob/eleven/maintainerreq.md) before applying? What part of those requirements do you violate?
```
I read everything properly and I violate none of the requirements.
```

## SELinux status?
```
Enforcing.
```

## Are you using a prebuilt kernel? If yes, why?
```
No.
```

## Are you violating any sepolicy neverallows (or doing _export SELINUX_IGNORE_NEVERALLOWS=true_/_SELINUX_IGNORE_NEVERALLOWS:=true_? If yes, why?
```
No.
```

## Contact
### Telegram username
```
Your Telegram username
```
